# Pipeline Works Authorisations

## Project setup

### Prerequisites
* Java 11
* Node LTS + NPM
* IntelliJ Ultimate

### Steps

#### Initialise the Fivium Design System
* `git submodule update --init --recursive`    
* `cd fivium-design-system-core && npm install && npx gulp build && cd ..`

#### Build frontend components
* `npm install`
* `npx gulp buildAll`

#### Configure the following environment variables


| Environment Variable | Description |
| -------------------- |-------------|
| DB_SCHEMA_NAME | Database schema to connect as. E.g. `PWA_XX` This schema will be created for you by Flyway|
| CONTEXT_SUFFIX | A unique per developer suffix string to apply to the application context path. E.g. your initials |
| PWA_GOVUK_NOTIFY_API_KEY | The API Key for GOV.UK Notify. ([TPM Link](https://tpm.fivium.local/index.php/pwd/view/1384)) |
| PWA_TEST_EMAIL_RECIPIENT | Set this on dev/test environments to receive all emails generated by the application |
| PWA_TEST_EMAIL_RECIPIENT | Email address(es) CSV to send test emails to (use your own email address for local dev) |
| PWA_GOVUK_PAY_API_KEY | The Test GOV.UK Pay Api key for OGA apps. ([TPM Link](https://tpm.fivium.local/index.php/pwd/view/1535))  |

#### Create the Flyway user

This must be your DB_SCHEMA_NAME with '_flyway' appended to the end.

```oraclesqlplus
CREATE USER pwa_xx_flyway IDENTIFIED BY "dev1"
/

GRANT UNLIMITED TABLESPACE TO pwa_xx_flyway WITH ADMIN OPTION
/

GRANT
  CREATE SESSION, 
  CREATE USER,
  DROP ANY TABLE,
  CREATE ANY TABLE,
  CREATE TABLE, -- Not covered by above grant. They are different.
  CREATE ANY VIEW,
  CREATE ANY INDEX, 
  SELECT ANY TABLE,
  DELETE ANY TABLE,
  LOCK ANY TABLE,
  INSERT ANY TABLE, 
  UPDATE ANY TABLE,
  ALTER ANY TABLE,
  DROP ANY INDEX,
  CREATE ANY SEQUENCE,
  SELECT ANY SEQUENCE,
  DROP ANY SEQUENCE,
  CREATE ANY PROCEDURE,
  GRANT ANY OBJECT PRIVILEGE,
  DROP ANY VIEW
TO pwa_xx_flyway WITH ADMIN OPTION
/
GRANT EXECUTE ON decmgr.contact TO pwa_xx_flyway
/
```
This user must be created before the app runs for the first time on a new DB. All migrations will be run by this flyway user.

#### Set the active profile
Set the profile to `development` in your run configuration

#### Setup Checkstyle
* Install the Checkstyle-IDEA plugin (from third-party repositories)
* Go to Settings > Checkstyle
* Add a "Configuration File"
* "Use a local Checkstyle file"
* Select `ide/checkstyle.xml`
* Check box for "Store relative to project location" 
* Check the "Active" box next to the new profile
* On the Git commit dialog tick the 'Scan with Checkstyle' box in the 'Before Commit' section
  
  Note that Checkstyle rules are checked during the build process and any broken rules will fail the build.
    
#### Proxy routes to enable session sharing

To enable Spring to access the fox session, you must access your local instance under the same hostname and application context (itportal.dev.decc.local/engedudev1/).

The easiest way to do this is to add a ProxyPass rule to Apache running on itportal.dev.decc.local.
 
Edit the `nginx` configuration file at https://bitbucket.org/fiviumuk/oga-dev-app/src/master/app/volumes/nginx/nginx.conf and add a ProxyPass rule forwarding traffic under your CONTEXT_SUFFIX to your local machine e.g.

```
location /engedudev1/da/ {
  proxy_pass  http://dashworth.fivium.local:8081/engedudev1/da/;
}
```

Once you have added the ProxyPass rule you will need to increment the version number of the nginx configuration file in https://bitbucket.org/fiviumuk/oga-dev-app/src/master/app/compose/uni.yml. See [OGA Bloomsbury Street infrastructure](https://confluence.fivium.co.uk/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=67733766#EDU/MMO/ETLdev/stBloomsburyStreet(OGA)-HowdoIupdatetheconfigforanapp) for more infomration.

For example if the following was included in the `uni.yml` file

`source: nginx_nginx.conf1`

This will need to be updated to

`source: nginx_nginx.conf2`

There are two references to the nginx config version within this file so ensure you update both.

Commit and push the changes to both files and once the build has passed the ProxyPass rule will be ready to use.


#### Run the app
IntelliJ should auto detect the Spring application and create a run configuration.
Run the project and navigate to `localhost:8081/engedudev1/CONTEXT_SUFFIX/session-info` or `edu-dev-app3.decc.local/engedudev1/CONTEXT_SUFFIX/session-info` if you have set up the proxy
There are some debug endpoints to test your session integration:

* `/session-info` - Shows the current session authentication status, and user account info.
* `/requires-auth` - Same as `session-info` but requires authentication. Use this to test the Fox login/callback redirection process.

### GOV.UK Notify setup
To add new or modify email templates you will need to be invited to the GOV.UK notification service (https://www.notifications.service.gov.uk/) by a member of the team who already has access.

## Documentation

The [Architectural Decision Records](https://adr.github.io/) pattern should be used to document important technical decisions and the reasoning behind them. This project uses the [MADR](https://adr.github.io/madr/) format. Records can be found in the `docs/adr` folder.   